RuleEngineTracker to control rule engine execution (#2407)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-dotnet-instrumentation: docs/config.md

| `OTEL_DOTNET_AUTO_PLUGINS`                          | Colon-separated list of OTel SDK instrumentation plugin types, specified with the [assembly-qualified name](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/api/system.type.assemblyqualifiedname?view=net-6.0#system-type-assemblyqualifiedname). _Note: This list must be colon-separated because the type names may include commas._ See more info on how to write plugins at [plugins.md](plugins.md). |               | [Experimental](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-specification/blob/main/specification/versioning-and-stability.md) |

## RuleEngine

The RuleEngine is a feature that validates OpenTelemetry API, SDK,
Instrumentation, and Exporter assemblies for unsupported scenarios. It can
ensure that the OpenTelemetry Auto-Instrumentation is more robust and stable by
back off during unsupported scenarios instead of crashing.

It is recommended to enable the RuleEngine only during the first run of the

> application, or when the deployment changes or the Auto-Instrumentation library

Reviewer: As it is official doc we should avoid inconsitent naming: Auto-Instrumentation -> Automatic Instrumentation.

is upgraded, as once validated, there is no need to re-validate the rules when
the application restarts.

| Environment variable                   | Description         | Default value  | Status                                                                                                                            |
|--------------------------------------- |---------------------|----------------|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

> | `OTEL_DOTNET_AUTO_RULE_ENGINE_ENABLED` | Enables RuleEngine. | `true`         | [Experimental](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-specification/blob/main/specification/versioning-and-stability.md) |

Reviewer: Some comment needed that it is supported only on .NET (Core)

| `OTEL_DOTNET_AUTO_PLUGINS`                          | Colon-separated list of OTel SDK instrumentation plugin types, specified with the [assembly-qualified name](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/api/system.type.assemblyqualifiedname?view=net-6.0#system-type-assemblyqualifiedname). _Note: This list must be colon-separated because the type names may include commas._ See more info on how to write plugins at [plugins.md](plugins.md). |               | [Experimental](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-specification/blob/main/specification/versioning-and-stability.md) |

## RuleEngine

> The RuleEngine is a feature that validates OpenTelemetry API, SDK,
> Instrumentation, and Exporter assemblies for unsupported scenarios.
> It is supported only on .NET and .NET Core platforms. It can ensure
> that the OpenTelemetry Automatic Instrumentation is more robust and
> stable by back off during unsupported scenarios instead of crashing.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
RuleEngine is a feature that validates OpenTelemetry API, SDK,
Instrumentation, and Exporter assemblies for unsupported scenarios,
ensuring that OpenTelemetry automatic instrumentation is more
stable by backing of instead of crashing. It works on .NET 6 and higher.
```

> It is recommended to enable the RuleEngine only during the first run of the
> application, or when the deployment changes or the Automatic Instrumentation
> library is upgraded, as once validated, there is no need to re-validate
> the rules when the application restarts.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Enable RuleEngine only during the first run of the application,
or when the deployment changes or the automatic instrumentation
library is upgraded. Once validated, there's no need to revalidate
the rules when the application restarts.
```

## RuleEngine

The RuleEngine is a feature that validates OpenTelemetry API, SDK,
Instrumentation, and Exporter assemblies for unsupported scenarios.

> It is supported only on .NET and .NET Core platforms. It can ensure

Reviewer: .NET Core is in general not-supported. .NET 6+ only.
